---
title: DC/OS PMC Meeting on December 9, 2016
date: 2016-12-12
author: Aaron Williams, Mesosphere
category: community
description: Recording and meeting notes from the December 9th PMC meeting.
layout: article.jade
collection: posts
lunr: true
---
# Recording

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/41EKH0XJEFQ" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

# Agenda

* Latest Community Stats

* Working Group Updates

    * Networking, Day 2 Ops, SDK

* Proposed New Working Groups

    * Packaging, UX

* Contribution Acceptance Guidelines

* Recruitment for the PMC

# PMC Members (all present)

 **Thomas Rampelberg (chair)**

<img src="/assets/images/blog/2016-12-12_Thomas.png" width="100"/>
[ <img src="/assets/images/blog/2016-12-12_Twitter.png" width="25"/> ](https://twitter.com/grampelberg)
[ <img src="/assets/images/blog/2016-12-12_GitHub.png" width="25"/> ](https://github.com/pyronicide)

**Sebastien Pahl**

<img src="/assets/images/blog/2016-12-12_Seb.png" width="100"/>
[ <img src="/assets/images/blog/2016-12-12_Twitter.png" width="25"/> ](https://twitter.com/sebp)
[ <img src="/assets/images/blog/2016-12-12_GitHub.png" width="25"/> ](https://github.com/spahl)

**Aaron Williams**

<img src="/assets/images/blog/2016-12-12_Aaron.png" width="100"/>
[ <img src="/assets/images/blog/2016-12-12_Twitter.png" width="25"/> ](https://twitter.com/_arw_)
[ <img src="/assets/images/blog/2016-12-12_GitHub.png" width="25"/> ](https://github.com/williamsaaron)

**Tal Broda**<img src="/assets/images/blog/2016-12-12_Tal.png" width="100"/>[ <img src="/assets/images/blog/2016-12-12_Twitter.png" width="25"/> ](https://twitter.com/talbroda)**Ben Hindman**<img src="/assets/images/blog/2016-12-12_Ben.png" width="100"/>[ <img src="/assets/images/blog/2016-12-12_Twitter.png" width="25"/> ](https://twitter.com/benh)[ <img src="/assets/images/blog/2016-12-12_GitHub.png" width="25"/> ](https://github.com/benh)**Vinod Kone**<img src="/assets/images/blog/2016-12-12_Vinod.png" width="100"/>[ <img src="/assets/images/blog/2016-12-12_Twitter.png" width="25"/> ](https://twitter.com/vinodkone)[ <img src="/assets/images/blog/2016-12-12_GitHub.png" width="25"/> ](https://github.com/vinodkone)
# Notes and Action Items

[Download](https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B-6u32LXT61pSERJSTYyX3owOFE/view?usp=sharing) the notes and action items from the meeting.
